tap homebrew/dupes || true
tap homebrew/binary || true
tap homebrew/homebrew-php || true
update || true
upgrade || true

install rbenv || true
install ruby-build || true
install autoconf || true
install pkg-config || true
install openssl || true
install fontforge || true
install fontconfig || true
install freetype || true
install jpeg || true
install libtiff || true
install gettext || true
install libpng || true
install yasm || true
install tmux || true
install packer || true
install node || true
install git || true
install zsh || true
install tree || true
install coreutils || true

cleanup

